hi guys by the way this is the turmoil
flare s I got this from lazada yesterday
and this is a very good device it has a
matte back cover so anyway in case you
wanted to replace or remove your boot
animation for this handset it can
actually apply to other devices Android
devices but I just show you how to do it
enjoy mobile flares so first thing first
you need to have a rooted device so I
use a V root in order to root this
handset and premium version of root
explorer so the first thing you're going
to open this application go to system so
here and look for media and it will
actually show you the list of seep file
that has a name of boot animation and
shut animation or shutdown animation so
if you just wanted to remove that just
hit delete key I mean hold the C file
and hit delete that's it it will
actually disappear so each time you
reboot your device it won't appear
anymore that your mobile logo it will
disappear like this one shutdown
animation so if you just wanted to
remove that but if you want to replace
that like Nexus or Sony Xperia with
animation just download it from the
internet I get this from the internet
like the this is the nexus animation so
let me show you the that experience on
Express with animation so just go tear
just download that from the internet and
move for your internal storage and is
that copy that file and go back to your
media file again and face it there
so first thing you need to rename that
as good animation so you we need to
delete this sonic sprayer that oh sorry
for that so it should be something like
this good animation that's it and that's
it
I absolutely already delete the the tone
the shutdown tone for sure mobile so I'm
not saying that they're bad but in case
you wanted to remove that so this is the
procedure so just you know hold down the
file and hit the delete option
alright you can actually remove the logo
term about something like this so if you
see this boot logo so just delete that
sure the flare logo I guess so after
you've done that let's try if it works
so reboot our phone
instead Flair ass
so it is it the Xperia logo up here and
the boot animation
so that said thank you for watching guys
and I hope you subscribe to my video